#LIVE Website Link:
https://anubhav099.github.io/Game-Review-Management-System/LIVE/base.html

# Game-Review-Management-System
The "Game Review Management System" is a Python-Flask and HTML/CSS web app that uses MySQL for database management. With user authentication and authorization, it allows players to access up-to-date video game reviews to make informed decisions. Completed during my 3rd yr of eng., it showcases my web development and database management skills.

# ABSTRACT 

The Game Review Management System is a web-based application that allows users to 
read reviews of video games. It is a platform for players to access reviews of games and 
make informed decisions about the games they want to play. The system is designed to 
make it easy for players to find the games they are interested in and read reviews from 
other players. The admin can add reviewers by entering the reviewer's mail id in the 
database. They also have the ability to add newly released games to the website for the 
reviewers to review. The admin can update any information about the game they added or 
delete the game from the website. This allows for a dynamic and up-to-date database of 
games. When the reviewer logs in with their mail and password, they can add a review on 
the games added by the admin. Reviews include the player's number of hours spent playing 
the game, as well as written feedback. Each reviewer can only add one review on each 
game. Whenever the admin adds a game to the database, it will trigger the triggered data set 
which is visible on the website as to what new game has been added, updated, or removed. 
The players can sign up on the website by adding their data (like Name, Gender, Age, and 
preferred platform on which they usually play on). They can read reviews of the game 
published by the reviewers. The game reviews contain information such as name of the 
game, release date, publisher, available platforms, etc. Additionally, it has user 
authentication and authorization features to control who can add games, reviewers and 
submit reviews. The system aims to provide a platform for players to access accurate and 
up-to-date information about video games and make informed decisions about which games 
to play.
